Kiara: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello, how are you
Kiara: All right.
Kiara: I almost had to
Kiara: Call bright heart and tell them to let you know that my phone wasn't working.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's wrong with your phone.
Kiara: When I tried to login to the virtual clinic.
Kiara: It just had like
Kiara: A just had like a like a black box. It is said like loading or waiting or something and I like waited for like almost five minutes and it just kept saying it. And then, so I
Kiara: Like cleared out all of my apps on my phone. And then I try to go back onto it. Because sometimes, that helps. And so I turned off my phone. I turned it back on.
Kiara: I tried it again. It didn't work. I literally had to do it four different times and it finally worked. And then I got all these text messages notification. So something was wrong with my
Kiara: My phone like a service on it or something so
That's crazy. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It could have been the service. Maybe it was backlogged and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know congested. Sometimes that happens there's like certain times of the day when it's the internet slower than the rest.
Kiara: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's kind of amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so, so. How have things been
Kiara: If at all right.
Kiara: I went to a meeting last night.
Kiara: I actually went to one of the places that I used to go to
Kiara: Uh huh. Because I really liked it there. When a race to go there, like, a year ago I would go like between four to five times a week. So I went like almost every weekday to it so
Kiara: I went back there and
Kiara: Everybody that
Kiara: So there's pretty much like when I went, nobody was really there that I remember. So because I go to like one of the later ones. I went to eight o'clock.
Kiara: And the, the meetings, you should use the last for an hour and a half. But now they only last an hour there.
Kiara: And that was kind of another reason why I didn't want to go to those ones, you know, to kind of start off with, because sometimes they're like really long and
Kiara: They're kind of boring at those ones because there's not very many people there.
Kiara: And you know they do like the big book readings, they'll do the history when I then they have like women's meetings. And then, you know, like all these different types of meetings, just to kind of keep it fresh, I guess. So, you know,
Kiara: That was kind of, I guess, like my home like my home meeting or something is what they call it. I can't remember his own group. There we go.
Kiara: The last two times I went, I went to one where every single time I go like nobody's really ever the same there, you know, and it's like a really, really popular. It's called happy hour.
Kiara: And it's right off of fulsome and they have it only like maybe twice a week or so it's just like a really small room and it's like if you don't
Kiara: Get there like 10 or 15 minutes early, you don't have anywhere to say there's usually people like standing up and
Kiara: You know, but it's usually like a really good group and it's only an hour long and stuff. So I went to those ones. A couple of times, but
Kiara: When I'm around like a lot of people like that. I can't really talk in front of like all those people are, you know, I'm sitting like right next to people and I don't like to sit really close to strangers, or people that I don't really know. You know,
Kiara: Yeah, oh yeah.
Kiara: Yeah, so, but I went for my third time since actually really being clean because I used to go before and say that I was clean. But I never really was so
Kiara: And I was afraid that I run into my old sponsor there, but she only went there, like maybe once or twice a week, like every once in a while. So, but I know I'm supposed to like get a sponsor and everything, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's the hesitancy
Kiara: I don't know, because I don't want to do it.
Kiara: Because I hear a lot of people that you know they're like this step is really hard. That's really hard, or it's really difficult. And I mean, I know I have to go through, um, you know, but
Kiara: I felt like the first time that I was doing it. I think it's because I was lying to myself and everybody else. I didn't really want to, I guess, confront
Kiara: The addiction like full on while I was lying about it. So, and I felt like somebody just gave me a sponsor. It was like, thrown on me and I wasn't like ready for it. Plus, I was lying about it too, but I just felt like it was too soon.
Kiara: Kind of thing. So I want to try to like find somebody that actually like a notice and then I kind of liked the way that you know their story like that girl that I had she, I mean, she was like sober for I can't even know how long. But she was like an alcoholic. You know, I don't
Kiara: I know I should probably go to like na meetings and stuff because that really pertains to like me, I guess a little bit more than like a but
Kiara: With a because they're, you know, like the first kind of group out there, kind of thing they have better apps for like meeting locators like they have on the after us. I think it's called like
Kiara: Meeting guide or or something like that. But you can find like all the places that are located next to you, but when I've looked at the NA ones.
Kiara: It's like it. They don't really have like a list of places and times and you know like addresses and stuff. So it's a lot harder. And I'm pretty sure I might, if I go on Google or something. I might be able to find something that way, but
Kiara: I don't know, I just kind of like the easier convenient thing that the a pass so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, if you take out the, the differences, you know, which a lot of people, a lot of people can't do that are. And this isn't a judgment. This is my experience.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But a lot of people that are alcoholics only and they're never experienced the other side of things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And have a real issue with people that are struggling with substances, going to a but the reality of it is, is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The addictions. The same. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so if you can take out the substance and not label it alcoholic or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know drugs or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know the bottom line. It's all the same and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's nothing wrong with going to a there's nothing wrong with that at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If that's where you feel the most comfortable and that's where you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Feel that you get the most out of and connect with somebody there, then by all means do it you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You definitely don't have to be one of those people that have that same judgment, you know, well, I'm not an alcoholic. I'm an addict and, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Substances the substance is a substance. Yeah.
Kiara: But I think, just like with me personally like for a sponsor, though, because, like, that's how I am too. I'm like, I still have like an addiction and alcohol. It's
Kiara: It like like addiction is the same for like anything kind of thing, you know. But for me personally I want somebody that not necessarily has a similar story as I do, but you know
Kiara: I like a problem or like with pills, then like alcohol kind of thing.
Kiara: You know, like I just
Kiara: Want somebody. It's like with my, my best friend. She's, she's like a you know a pill popper. But she doesn't pop pills like I did kind of thing. You know, like
Kiara: She just really like to take them and I don't really hang out with her. I literally talk to her because she lives up a Chico, or whatever. But she doesn't really do them a whole lot anymore. It's just like
Kiara: You know she ever sees her mom her mom lives in Clear Lake kind of thing. But like when I'm around her. She's not taking them because she knows that, you know, I've always seen her. I think once since I became sober so
Kiara: Actually, I haven't seen her yet SINCE I'VE BEEN SOBER
Kiara: Yeah, I haven't seen her since I've been sober, because I don't ever really remember taking the Suboxone, you know, while I was up there, visiting yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you don't know if she's sober or not she could be
Kiara: Well, the thing is that I know like the last few times I've hung out with her. I'm like, with her constantly so
Kiara: whenever she's to take pills and stuff like that, you know, like when I used to do them to just take in front of me because we're, we're both comfortable where we didn't really like judge each other or
Kiara: You know, that kind of thing. It was like, Oh, you got pills. Let me get one, you know, kind of thing so
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With that
Kiara: Yeah, there's like the last few times that I've seen her.
Kiara: I think probably since we became friends again after our little year or a year and a half. Little break up kind of things.
Kiara: Since I've been coming up there visitor.
Kiara: She hasn't really been taking any pills, so
Kiara: I mean around me, I should say, because I would have them. Can I like, hide it from her you know because i again i was doing the whole lying thing. I wasn't telling anybody you know so but
Kiara: Yeah, like she she said she takes him like here and there, but she doesn't really do them like I ever did, like, ever because she's she doesn't have the money, like I did, you know, just got like by them, you know,
Kiara: Yeah, and plus
Kiara: Like with her when she would take them. She could take like one of them and make it last.
Kiara: For like ours me. It was more of like I would take like three of them, and then wait like an hour to then I take like two or three over
Kiara: Wait a few hours to take a couple more. So mine. It was more of like, you know, with her. It was more of like like she had a prescription for them. She could probably take them and not like run out of them me if I had a prescription that blow through it a couple days.
Kiara: So she's a lot more control than I am. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when's the last time you saw
Kiara: Probably
Kiara: Know maybe like either before Thanksgiving or after Thanksgiving.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, long time. Yeah.
Kiara: Cuz I have a friend, you know, my friend. She lives up in Chico. And then I have a friend that lives in Red Bluff. So it's like every couple of months I'll kind of like
Kiara: Cooked Chico. And then, like, come back home and be home for a few months now. Go up to Red Bluff, and then come home and go to Chico now. So it's like every like two or three months. I'll go up there, kind of thing so
Kiara: It's more of
Kiara: A Yeah. And like our all of our sons are all around the same age so
Kiara: I usually pick my son up there with them and you know kids have a little play date, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well how's it going
Kiara: It's all right. We just got a new guy and it's surprising his, his name is the same as my husband's name, which I thought was kind of funny, but um he's pretty good. He doesn't seem like
Kiara: clueless of like what to do or how to do things like he caught on really easily like he's never really done well, I don't know if he's ever really done
Kiara: Like he's worked for the VA, but I think he's worked in a different department than, you know, sitting down and making appointments, like I do.
Kiara: So,
Kiara: I don't know what do you, I remember I was told before but I completely forgot, but he's pretty nice. And, you know, he asked questions and they're not like
Kiara: I mean, there's never really ever stupid questions to me you know cuz I'm a really, I feel like I'm a really understanding
Kiara: Person, you know, like if somebody asked me something and they're like old is probably a stupid question. I'm like, it's far and, you know, like everybody has questions I ask stupid questions too. So
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there's no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's no stupid question when you're learning and trying to you know get a job down pat, that's for sure.
Kiara: Yeah, and I mean like, there's another girl there who started like a couple months before I did. I think I kind of explained it to. She's like,
Like
Kiara: If I tried to help her something she likes snaps at me, or she tries to be rude and stuff like that. It's like me.
Kiara: I'm just trying to help you. Like I almost want to just pop off on her and be all like I've been doing this longer than you have. So
Kiara: Just because you've been here at this location or, you know, you just started here before I did. I've been technically scheduling appointments. A lot. Lord, who have kind of thing. But I'm not going to say that to her in front of my face.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, yeah. And it hasn't gotten better with her.
Kiara: Yeah. She'll. She'll kind of be like, Oh, hi, like, she'll try to say hi, or whatever, but
Kiara: Last Thursday we had, I think it was Thursday, I don't know, sometime last weekend we had like a little town hall meeting and it's like mandatory that we go kind of thing. So they it's basically where everybody in the department. They all gather
Kiara: About like
Kiara: I guess just like news and announcements and stuff like that about you know our particular clinic of like what's going on and what needs to kind of
Kiara: Like what we need to work on and they give us like numbers and all this kind of stuff. And they do compliments or complaints, you know, it's just kind of like a big meeting so but anyways I was hands to mosquitoes why
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a nice hot day.
Kiara: Yeah, it's been pretty nice. I like the weather.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I'm new to
Kiara: Me. So the meeting that we had
Kiara: It was a few minutes before 10 o'clock when the meeting was starting and there was a guy who the VA. They have this company that comes out and picks up people that are little chairs and stuff.
Kiara: Well, I guess they had the wrong address for this guy because you can have like a mailing address and the residential address will
Kiara: I guess whenever he changed his address. It only changed his mailing address not as residential address because you can like anybody can kind of change their mailing address because sometimes people have temporary addresses and I was kind of stuff. So, um, anyways, the company, they
Kiara: They did go pick them up, but they had the wrong address. So he was finally able to get his eight year old mom to give him a ride.
Kiara: And he's in a wheelchair and as you can tell that his foot was like really really messed up. And, you know, like there's no way in hell. He can walk or stand, probably not at all, but his mom was able to
Kiara: drive them here, but she had an appointment or she had to go to something herself so she
Kiara: So she had to go and the guy was asking me if I could get ahold of that company that the VA uses so that way he can get right back home. Well, they
Kiara: So I called the company and I asked them, and you know, I had to like do a whole bunch of work to try to get them to come pick him up, because normally once it's
Kiara: Normally they won't just take people home like they have to pick you up and they have to take you home. They can't just do one, you know, one of the other type of thing.
Kiara: So anyways, I sit down. I'm like, trying to work.
Kiara: To get this guy. Right. And I'm like, I have to wait to call somebody back and this and that. And all this crazy stuff all she tells and she's like, you're the meeting starts at 10 o'clock, you need to go up there and I'm like,
Kiara: I know I told my boss, you know, like I said, it really, really nicely. I forgot exactly what I said, but I was like, I know I'm just trying to do this, that, you know, I'm trying to get this guy.
Kiara: So he can go home, you know, because he was already there for like two or three hours because APPOINTMENT WAS THAT LIKE seven o'clock I think
Kiara: Or 745 or whatever, but it was like seven simpler. So she kind of like snapped at me, or she was like being rude about it and I just nicely said, you know, setting back. I was like, I understand. I'm like, trying to do this and everything and
Kiara: My boss like 15 minutes earlier than that he came out and he told me about it and I was like, Yeah, I know. I'm just trying to work on this. It took me like 45 minutes to try to
Kiara: You know, deal with this guy. Plus, I'm trying to schedule appointments for people and you know multitasking do a whole bunch of stuff.
Kiara: Right. And then I ended up not going up to the meeting until like 10 or 15 minutes after and, you know, but just the fact that she kind of like snapped at me a little bit. And it's like,
Kiara: In my eyes. I'm like, Why are you telling me what to do. I like you're not my supervisor and if my supervisor told you to tell me to do something, then
Kiara: He should let me know. Like a let you know or like he should do something. Or like, I don't know, like he could have said something but
Kiara: The way that she said she's like john said you need to go up there to the meeting. She just said it all room got it just got on my nerves. So I just try not to really like talk to her conversation with her a whole lot because
Kiara: I feel like I think I've said this a couple times is that I feel like I'm a really nice person, in a way, you know, like, I don't really talk to people are rude or anything like that. But then when people like that. It just makes me want to just be read back at them, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Kiara: I don't want to be like that. Like I have with this fear of people hating me kind of thing.
Kiara: Like, I think most of the people here, they don't they don't really
Kiara: Like like nice I care for me but
Kiara: Like, I don't want to say they hate me, but I just feel like they because I'm younger than everybody else. That works here in my department, you know, I just feel like they treat me differently.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't see them treating each other that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I
Kiara: Don't know like the thing is that, like, I'll see them like two or three of them, they'll be talking and they'll compensate with me or not me, but they'll conversation.
Kiara: And then I'll kind of like, you know, they're talking about that, oh my oh I know something, you know, and I'm like, I'll start to talk and they'll kind of like look at me for a second and then just like turn around. Keep talking. It's like
Kiara: In a way I can kind of see like, oh, maybe I shouldn't have been. But it into their conversation or whatever but
Kiara: You know, like, you don't have to be rude about it like that. Like, I literally feel like I'm in high school, because that's what happened to me when I was in high school. Again, I was the youngest
Kiara: Like one of the youngest in my class because I was, you know, like everybody was like 18 when I was 17 when we all graduated. You know, so, you know, I just feel like, and I work with all girls, except for this one new guy and then my supervisor, of course, but I mostly work with girls.
Kiara: So like one of the girls. She's like the head or like the lead MSA, we're all MSA is here and
Kiara: She's always pretty nice to me. But the other girls. There's two girls that don't work there anymore, but that used to work there and, you know, like I've kind of they're still just one girl I guess technically two girls there Brenda and Kim that are kind of like
Kiara: They're, they're just kind of rude or if I say something they don't really say anything back you know I'm more. It's kind of almost
Kiara: Kind of like hypocritical of me because, like I say that I'm a huge communicator. Like if I say something just say like, okay, or K or sure like I don't care what you say, just let me know that you actually heard me so that
Kiara: Way, if I say something again because that's like the thing with what happened with Brenda like there was one day when I said something to her.
Kiara: And she didn't reply back. So then, like, a few minutes later I told her again. She's like, I know I heard you the first time.
Kiara: I'm like okay then say something so that way. I'm not repeating myself and pissing you off, you know, like that like I hate when people do that. And I tell my husband, the same thing.
Kiara: I'm like, if I tell you something. Just say k. So I know that you heard me or that you got it or something to
Kiara: Come to you and then make you all pissy because I said something again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a respect that into, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then we
Kiara: Don't feel respected there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they're all older than you. Yeah.
Kiara: Probably about at least
Kiara: I'd say about maybe maybe 15 years or older.
Kiara: That's what I'm guessing, because I think most of them are probably
Kiara: Like 4040 something 50 something and Brenda, I don't really know how old she is, she might be like, either in our late 30s, early 40s. I think, but
Kiara: Or she might even be a little bit older.
Kiara: I'm not really sure. But
Kiara: Yeah, everybody. There's, I mean even the nurses and the doctors will, of course, the doctors, but the nurses, I think.
Kiara: They're probably a little bit older than me. I think there's one girl who might be around my age. But other than that, like out of my department. I'm the youngest, I think.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's a and you can feel that difference within their attitude and how they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah how they treat you. It's got not you just can't bite into it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, it's got to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Older and bigger than them. And you know what I mean. And it can be tough. I get it.
Kiara: Because it definitely ago. I know we were like talking about it and people say only to get, you know, I, Mike.
Kiara: When people tell me that because multiple people told me, Oh, don't like to get you just because somebody says, don't let it get you doesn't mean it's going to stop it from happening kind of thing. It's like when people are having anxiety and people say, oh,
Come on down.
Kiara: Calm down. Okay. Yeah.
Kiara: Sure, I'll just turn the switch off.
Kiara: Happened like that, you know,
Kiara: So, especially when I have like the whole stress and stuff like that happening. It's like I'm more sensitive, so
Kiara: Pretty much since I kind of like told my dad and my step mom with them like fighting and then you know my dad would tell me something, and then a couple minutes later, my
Kiara: step mom, she would text me and tell me her side of the story. So it was like always, like, a back and forth thing and I finally told her.
Kiara: And I definitely told my dad. I was like, so like I don't want to hear what you're going through, because I know you need somebody to vent to but
Kiara: You know, like I can't have this thing where you know she's saying something, and then you're saying something, or he's saying something, and then, you know, because they're two different like completely different stories.
Kiara: And they're both saying they're not lying, and that they're, you know, everything is true what they're saying. So it's like
Kiara: Obviously there's three different stories, you know, because what really happened and the both of their sides of the stories you know so it's like
Kiara: I told him I was like, you can't just put me in the middle of it because I'm dealing with a lot of
Kiara: You know, I'm trying to like work on my health and all this stuff and all my concerns like with me or like my anxiety and all that kind of stuff. So
Kiara: You know, like they don't you know I told my dad and, you know, he was like really understanding about it which my dad isn't really the understanding like he doesn't really understand a lot of stuff.
Kiara: You know, because he's older and he is old fashioned and
Kiara: And usually my step mom is the one where you know she'd be like, Oh, you just need to you know to my dad, like, Oh, you just need to understand, you know, this is
Kiara: Like a different generation, you know, kids do things differently. These days, and you know the whole you know usually she's the one that tell him you know
Kiara: To like chill out kind of thing, you know. So, but they're just kind of like
Kiara: Like bickering and fighting and stuff like that. And I'm just like, I can't take it. You know, so I kind of felt like I like set some boundaries, kind of thing, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, because it's easy to be drug in the middle of something and then somewhere down the road, it's your fault or the fingers get pointed at you.
Kiara: Another thing is is that
Kiara: A lot of the friends that I've had in life and being an adult. It seems like I'm always the friend. That's the listener or the one that they try to go to a vice, for they pretty much dump all their problems and
Kiara: Everything on me and like I think I was talking about the last time we had a, like a meeting. Is that like I have a lot of like empathy, like when people look very like
Kiara: You know, like a lot of people that come in here. You know, like they don't have legs or, you know, like they told me stories and you know it's like I feel
Kiara: Like, I feel really bad and I feel like really really sad for these people. And so it also translate the same thing when I'm like talking to, like, I have less really, really dramatic friend. She's not really my friend whole lot anymore but
Kiara: And I think I'm going to talk to you about her long know that might have been my therapist.
Kiara: But anyways, my brother in law has his wife, but they're separated in when they were together. She was just very, very, very like high strung like anxiety and like
Kiara: Always fighting and it was just drama, drama after drama and every single thing that was happening in her life. She would just
Kiara: Tell me about this, you know, all the stuff that was going on in her life with my brother in law and her
Kiara: And just dumping everything on me and I just couldn't set those boundaries and I couldn't just be like, Hey, I know.
Kiara: You need to vent kind of thing, but I just can't have you doing this because she was also suicidal. So I mean like cutting herself and like taking, you know, like overtake medications, you know,
Kiara: Like, and she has two kids like she has a son that younger than mine. You know, and she's just, you know, very dramatic and have like
Kiara: I was telling my old therapist. I was just like, I don't even know how to like really break it all off, kind of thing. And that was just a really, really hard time. But since they separated. They're a lot more happier, especially her. She's not like always having anxiety.
Kiara: But what I was trying to get out of that is that every time that she was having anxiety. It was given me anxiety.
Kiara: Like really bad anxiety. Like I could feed off of other people's emotions. So it's like
Kiara: The same thing with when I'm at work when people are treating me a certain way. Like, I, I feel like I have like this weird sense of thing. It's just, I mean, it's probably what everybody has. But people can just feel
Kiara: Like if somebody doesn't really like you kind of thing, because you can tell by their actions or
Kiara: You know, like little things you know even like with other things like I felt like when I was in high school.
Kiara: Example, I guess kind of stupid or whatever. But I could tell when guys like me, you know, just the way that they kind of after all that kind of stuff. Like I can usually kind of read people for the most part of it. So,
Kiara: But I don't know it's just like I feel like a Empath or whatever it's called.
Kiara: Whatever the cliche thing is called but
Kiara: I also feel like it's kind of normal
Kiara: You know, because like when people
Kiara: You know, it's kind of like know what it's called, like, oh,
Kiara: I don't know, like when people are like, oh, you know what I mean, like, kind of like understanding, like I just feel like I'm understanding and understanding and, you know,
Kiara: I could just do stuff. Sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can because it's the energy in the room. Yeah, you know that you feel you know if somebody's open and they like you and you know what I mean, you're going to know that by their behaviors and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The energy, the energy in the room, you know, is shifted towards that way. But if you're in an area where you have people that are judgmental and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know aren't giving you an opportunity to get to know you, then, you know, you know, you know. Yeah, there's no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just wouldn't feed into it. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So doesn't feed into it and you know there's a piece to that says, you know. It's their problem, not yours.
Kiara: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. You gotta let them, own it, because if you carry on their attitudes. You know what I mean you go right into the same behaviors them. So you just want to kind of, you know, what do your job, let them have their attitude. It's their own not yours. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And they're just two people that you're not going to invite over
Kiara: Christmas. Yeah.
Kiara: I mean, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because, you know, life's too short to worry about what everybody thinks about us.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're not going to come across, you know, every person that that mixes with your personality.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's okay. You know, that's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you gotta let them own their, their little cattiness
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know drama filled circle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to me, just the Life's too short. There's just not enough time to worry about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean other people like that, especially in that time frame. If you'd be different if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They were your friends and they tried to be your friend. And you guys just didn't click you're talking about, you know, a couple people that you work with that are imager and caddy and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Kiara: And not only that, but unprofessional.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah because think about if that's how they're acting with you. How do they really act with the clients. Mm hmm.
Kiara: Yeah, you know, because like I told one of the girls because one of the girls who kind of like gives me out of to, like, I understand she's been here the longest out of all the people that have, you know, have worked here and left to, like, and she always
Kiara: Like she kind of will speak to me like you know maybe once a week or once every two weeks or something and but one of the days when we were kind of like talking with kind of conversation and stuff and
Kiara: I said it nicely like we were just kind of like, you know, like she didn't feel like I was attacking or anything, but
Kiara: I just told her I was like, can I kind of knows about. You can, she's like oh what you know. And I was like, I noticed a lot of the times when
Kiara: People say like, Oh, thank you, you just stay quiet like you don't say like, Oh, you're welcome, or no problem or sure like she never really communicates back after somebody says thank you to her, you know, she's like, That's so weird. I never noticed that before.
Kiara: And
Kiara: For like a couple weeks after that. She's still in say it. And then there's like maybe once or twice a week to hear her say
Kiara: You know, like, yeah, no problem, or like she'll say, sure. I think that's what she says. I think she just says, Sure, you know, but I mean it was just like a weird thing that I like observed about her, you know, like how
Kiara: She how she is. I mean, she's a veteran herself so I know with a lot of veterans or you know people that are in the military. They're kind of like
Kiara: Raised or taught a certain way, you know, so it's like some of these people because
Kiara: Another thing that I was telling your, you know,
Kiara: Weeks back or a month or so back. I told her about how
Kiara: A lot of the times when I work with people. I'm I usually speak like really really nice to people and people like especially when I worked at Starbucks, because I feel like everybody at Starbucks, whether they work there, or they go there.
Kiara: And you're like a regular kind of thing. Like you go there, a lot
Kiara: When I worked there. I'd be like, really, really nice to people or like I think that was being really nice and I was telling her this and it was like, yeah, there'd be some people that would
Kiara: Be like, oh my god. Hi, how are you, you know, and I just tried to talk to them and just be super friendly and then they sit there and say that I was being rude.
Kiara: And I'm like, How am I being rude. I was trying to, like, you know, tell her that
Kiara: And she was like, some people think that when you're being overly nice you're kind of, I don't know if it's condescending, or what the word of it is, but
Kiara: You're basically treating like the way that you're talking to them is kind of like how you talk to a kid like a lot of people when they talk to kids. They sound like overly nice
Kiara: I don't know exactly what the word is. I think it's condescending. I don't think that's the word, but I think it's similar to it. But, you know, like they
Kiara: Just like how some people talk because I know when I talked to my kid I sound like really really overly nice so she's like some people think that you're talking to them like a kid and I was like, you know, I never really thought about that. So,
Kiara: I think that was I me and her talked about that once and I think it was a couple days later I mentioned that to her like what she does kind of thing so
Kiara: She didn't really take it like badly or negatively, but you can tell that she's kind of sensitive, in a way, but it's not sensitive like she's gonna cry. It's just more that she gets pissed off easily kind of thing.
Kiara: So, so
Kiara: My
Kiara: Main but I'd say that work has been like, all right, but yesterday, like with the
Kiara: Little we got out of the group yesterday, like I had to take my dad to an appointment, like at 12 o'clock I still had a drive from over here of walk all the way till to
Kiara: What was it
Kiara: Is it to pass Ohio know Oakland Park and really really get to wear a sweater drive all the way from here to there, pick them up.
Kiara: And I actually drove about halfway because I called in.
Kiara: Set up the, you know, trying to get the member ID. And then I drove there. And then when I had to start the meeting. I just stopped and then have the meeting with you guys so I drove like maybe about halfway
Kiara: Before starting the appointment So wherever the halfway point is to there. I had to drive all the way back to mercy San one to take him to his appointment, because he's trying to get like an injection and his back, I think like an epidural, or something so
Kiara: He thought he was just going to get it yesterday. You know, like I was appointment, but I guess it was more of a consultation and then they schedule it later. So
Kiara: My dad wanted me to go so I could take on because I guess when you have that you can't drive afterwards, I guess.
Kiara: You know, that's why I was like, I really got to go. And my dad is very prompt like he always gets places like like half hour early because he does not like being late.
Kiara: Even if I'm at somewhere.
Kiara: Like he used to give me crap for if we would go places and I was taking to them if we got there 15 minutes before the appointment started, we were late, you know,
Kiara: And we actually technically yesterday we were about 10 minutes late.
Kiara: But the only reason why is because over there were mercy and one is, I don't know if you notice, but there's like a whole bunch of little buildings and it's like
Kiara: Where are we supposed to go like his paper didn't have the address on it. It just said mercy San Juan Carmichael, and it had some like
Kiara: Numbers letters. It didn't really say what the address was and give a telephone number. So it's not a call and ask, so finally just stopped and I saw a nurse pushing somebody on on wheelchair and I asked them, and
Kiara: She said, there's actually two locations for, I guess, it's an imaging building. I don't know how an epidural.
Kiara: Really goes with imaging. It was really weird and
Kiara: The place. She said, because I think the regular imaging was probably for like maybe like radiology, or I'm guessing you know like that kind of imaging and then the other one.
Kiara: I don't know exactly what it was, but I just know that when we went outside the building. They were definitely like remodeling. So it looks really, really ghetto like they just had like
Kiara: Like a seating area and then there was just like a desk and a computer with the girls sitting there.
Kiara: And then like the hallway. If you looked up there was not like a ceiling. It was like, you know, industrial tubes coming out like the air conditioning vent. It was like a big old circle. You know, like when a laundry hose looks like when it out here. It was like that but bigger
Kiara: But cold air was coming out of it. So it and then in the doctor's office. I mean, it just looked really really ghetto and very like, you know, if you were to go to the hood and try to go to a doctor's appointment. It just really, really, really rundown. But I guess they were remodeling so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I got this consultation and the appointment for the procedure.
Kiara: Yeah. Well, he gave them because they said that they were going to call me within the next couple days because I actually have to take off more time to go take up to it because
Kiara: You know that time. You definitely can't drive. See if they weren't to tell him, or they probably did tell him, but my dad doesn't listen. He or he just forgets really easily so I used to go to all those appointments before
Kiara: Before I moved out of the house with them, and even before that for a couple of years. I was, I always used to take my data every single appointment, because
Kiara: My dad is stubborn and he's very forgetful and he thinks, everything's fine. He's like, Oh yeah, I got this. And then it's like you're not doing it right. Tag like
Kiara: I finally had to tell him, I was like, you really, I think it's a nephrologist that deals with like diabetes. I think that's what it is, or no endocrinologist.
Kiara: I told him I was like, you really need to see endocrinologist because those are the doctors that actually deal with, like, people with diabetes and
Kiara: My dad sugar because he's kind of like a, I think it's called like a diet Lima. If that's the thing, but he's he's more of the type where
Kiara: He doesn't he hardly ever eats and he's diabetic and it's like super dangerous and you can't just not eat because then your blood sugar drops. And when he does that.
Kiara: Obviously doesn't feel good and it's usually when he pukes and stuff like that. And it's like, or he feels really, really nauseous and then sometimes he ends up puking but
Kiara: And then hold just eat like a candy bar to spike your sugar backed up and it's like can't do that.
Kiara: My dad has like to amputate of legs and then like an amputated finger when they were the to the legs were diabetic related. Of course, he has the right leg that's under the knee amputated. And then his left foot. It's half of the foot. So pretty much know toes.
Kiara: You know, he has a heel.
Kiara: So he's like
Kiara: A lot of this stuff I've, I told them, You know, I was like, you can't, you know, like you need to eat like you can't just
Kiara: Not eat and then you candy bar just drink some orange juice and think everything's gonna be fine.
Kiara: You know,
Kiara: It's almost like you really need to go see a nephrologist I really wish I would have went with him, but he pretty much kind of like did this all by himself in a way. Like I told him about it and then it was like months later.
Kiara: He I guess he actually spoke to his doctor about seeing the diabetes. Diabetes, Doctor, why they didn't put them or, you know, given him an endocrinologist. I don't know why they didn't because I feel like anybody should really
Kiara: You know, have some type of diabetes management in some way. Like, I don't think a primary care doctors sufficient enough for that so
Kiara: He finally went and now he's on
Kiara: Like a I think it's like a once a week insulin, where he just takes it once a week and then it it does something but. And that was another thing I told them is that
Kiara: My aunt who lives up in Reno that I visit a couple times a year, she was telling me she's like yeah this is insulin that you take once
Kiara: Once a week and you pretty much like she dropped a whole bunch of weight off of it and stuff like that. But she also stopped drinking every single night like she usually does.
Kiara: But she's not. She's not like an alcoholic.
Kiara: Of say is just more of like she would have like one or two of her little cocaine or jack and Cokes kind of thing and
Kiara: She pretty much cut that out, like every single night. And she only drinks on Saturdays and Sundays.
Kiara: But she's the one that told me that I told my dad. I was like, You should really ask about that, you know, and he would do that and but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So are you going to have to step in a little bit more with him and his partner separating
Kiara: Well,
Kiara: Like, yes. And what I mean like
Kiara: Of course, yeah. I mean, the thing is they they've always had, like, a really weird relationship like Dave for years.
Kiara: Like they they weren't. I don't know. It's just really weird, like in the beginning, like, yeah, they were, you know, kind of like boyfriend and girlfriend and they've kind of just stuck with the label, but
Kiara: I mean, I don't know about their personal life or whatever, like sex wise and stuff, but I'm pretty sure they haven't had sex and probably
Kiara: At least 15 years. I'm guessing because they sleep in separate rooms. They're not really affectionate with each other.
Kiara: And when I told my dad. I was like, yeah, you guys always have, like, really weird leadership, because the whole room thing and you know like my dad would
Kiara: Give her like a Valentine's Day card or something for her birthday. Like, that's the way that I guess he showed affection, but didn't really ever
Kiara: Hug or kiss you know like they weren't I guess in a traditional relationship. So just the way that they were and stuff, but I'm with my dad. I've always
Kiara: I would say probably for at least the past like maybe eight months or so, maybe a year and their rent just keeps going up and up and up and up.
And
Kiara: I've been buying him groceries or we would have too much groceries like frozen stuff that I've just give him whatever groceries, we had
Kiara: Not like all of our stuff. But since we have so much. I just give him the stuff before it went bad kind of thing. Yeah, and
Kiara: They're always literally living like paycheck to paycheck. I mean, like, really, really, really close to being poured. I mean, I guess they would be kind of considered poor but
Kiara: Their whole thing is that they always fight about money because my dad does the edge. I, ah, SS thing.
Kiara: Do you know that is
Kiara: Not available everywhere. But what you're talking about you. So
Kiara: It's like in home supportive services and it's basically where
Kiara: Either you can work for the world. Basically, it's like a person that takes care of you. So it's like a caretaker.
Kiara: Okay, so with the caretaker.
Kiara: You can have somebody from the it says like people who apply to actually do the work, or for like incidents like I've been the caretaker for my step mom before and for my grandmother before, not my grandma, but
Kiara: My step mom. Mom, I wouldn't call her my grandma only mentally just said that. But, um, she, the way that my step mom is my guy.
Kiara: She has this thing where it's like, you don't really do stuff for her. It's more of being illegal and actually just, you know,
Kiara: Getting the money from the state or, you know, because the ISS thing. It's like a state program. So, um,
Kiara: You, she would pretty much just be like, hey, if you're my worker. I'll give you like 300 out of the $600 or out of the 700 whatever dollars.
Kiara: And you don't have to do anything for me. I just want the money, kind of thing I did it for a couple months. And after that, I was like,
Kiara: I'm not doing this anymore because when I don't feel comfortable with it and to I think it's pretty messed up that you get most of the money for it, but
Kiara: I'm getting taxed out the apps, because I have a full time job and I take on this other job that's considered a full job, but I'm not really doing you know all the hard labor for it. But the way that you know
Kiara: I guess the government or, you know, taxes, sees it, I'm making like a lot of money and I'm getting I would have to pay taxes and just the whole money situation. It just wasn't really working out, it'd be one thing if I was actually getting all the money for it, you know.
Kiara: But I just couldn't do it. And it was like the same thing with well is a different situation with, you know, my
Kiara: My mom's wife that other step mom her mother, I guess when I say was my grandma She was
Kiara: She didn't want the money like we were doing it legally, but she was more of like overworking it because when you're a caretaker through I just says there are certain like things that you can do, and certain things that
Kiara: Will things that you can't do is and what they will pay you for
Kiara: You know, so it's like if you come over there and you're just over there, you know, sitting there like for her. She would
Kiara: Be like, okay, let's make a shopping list because she has like Parkinson's and all these other like crazy shit wrong with her or whatever but
Kiara: I'd be over there. I was going to school when I was doing the beauty school thing from nine to five. So, going to school full time.
Kiara: And then I would drive all the way to her house and out Grove, and it would take us like two hours to do a shopping list.
Kiara: And I mean when when you're doing that, you're not getting paid to do that. And she was very literal with what you know.
Kiara: Yeah, she kind of did everything. Not really to a tee, necessarily, but it was like, if you go grocery shopping for the you know the person
Kiara: Then you get paid for it, but you don't get paid for making a shopping list or I guess maybe we'll maybe putting the food away. But you know, it's more of somebody that could
Kiara: You know, do the chores around the house or actually physically take care of the person.
Kiara: You know shower them etc and all kind of stuff. So
Kiara: With her I would be there was just saying I got there at like six or 630 and I wouldn't leave her house until like two or three o'clock in the morning.
Kiara: At but i'd only get paid for like three or four hours, you know, because she was so literal, she's like, Oh, well, you don't get paid for shopping or for
Kiara: I think technically you with that you wouldn't get paid to go shopping. Maybe, like, put the food away or like you'd get paid for making dinner and
Kiara: You know actually taking care of somebody kind of thing.
Kiara: But with her. It was just more of like it was just wearing me out because I was doing a lot of extra shit and I wasn't really getting paid, you know,
Kiara: Properly, I guess, you know, like I feel like it's like, once I get over there. I'm technically clocked in and if I stay later than I should be getting paid more kind of thing.
Kiara: I should be
Kiara: Paid for my time but
Kiara: The way that it was there. It was it was
Kiara: It was just too stressful. And again, it was just, I was going to school full time working part time and doing that, like,
Kiara: I guess it was considered like full time, in a way, it wasn't like 40 hours a week, but it was like 35 or
Kiara: 30 something hours a week. But the way that I was over there was like those over there for like probably 50 or 60 hours.
Kiara: You know, not really. Probably not long, but probably close to it, but it was just too much to all handle plus my uncle passing away, you know, around that time it was even harder. You know, I was just going through a lot of shit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is allowed.
Kiara: I was just like him, do all this is too much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you got to be careful and set boundaries and not overwork yourself because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I mean, you and your family and your relationships.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Play definitely play the pay the price for for that kind of stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So are you planning on going to any more meetings this week.
Kiara: Yeah, at least one more, but I'm gonna try to go more than just once a week or was like I was before.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, it's time. Yeah, it's time to step it up a little bit. And, you know, to find one that works for you. A in a, whatever it might be, but really start engaging in that piece to start building your sober support system.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bigger
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah, and everything's okay with home and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You and your husband are okay communications. Okay. Yeah.
Kiara: Everything was fine. The only thing is, is that like this morning.
Kiara: Because I told I told my husband. I'm like, once you get out of the shower, make sure I'm awake because I usually set like I think I have about six alarms that go off.
Kiara: In the morning because sometimes it's just really hard for me to wake up.
Kiara: Well, since my neck has been bothering me. I got the refill on the flex raw, because like I wasn't really taken because it says take three a day. I do not take three days.
Kiara: Because I just probably be a sleepy monster all day, you know, zombie so
Kiara: I only take it before I go to bed.
Kiara: Well, I wasn't really taking it for probably about a week or week and a half or so. So I took one of the pills and
Kiara: I was just sleeping, really, really hard. I guess so. I first woke up when my first alarm went off, but that's because
Kiara: I wear my Fitbit to sleep and I put an alarm on there to wake me up while I turned off my alarm instead of pressing snooze on it like I usually do, and
Kiara: I guess all of my alarms went off and I didn't wake up to any of the alarms that went off on my phone. So my husband came in and he just like
Kiara: Whenever he wakes me up. He's hell of rude about it like when I tried to wake you know him, or even, of course, like our baby you know like
Kiara: I'm like, super nice about it, but with him. He just like hello rudely just like shakes the crap out of my shoulder and he's just like wake up and I just snapped it, I was like, you want to be so fucking rude about it like
Kiara: Like a lot of people like you know it's like when people flick on the light and you're just being rude. It's like you're starting my day off on a shitty
Kiara: Note, you know, like you're just start you're purposely making my day. Start off shitty because of the way you just treating kind of thing. So a couple hours later.
Kiara: I think it was about nine o'clock or so I messaged her. I was like, sorry to kind of snap that you, but I do feel like a lot of times when you wake me up.
Kiara: You're being like hello rude about it. You know, like, you don't have to be so being or so stern firm or whatever you want to call it, you know. But the way that I see it. I see that you're being rude about it.
Kiara: And you should say, well, you need to set like a better like you know allowed her alarm or something because
Kiara: You know, like I won't wake up or whatever because I usually tell them the days that he actually goes to work.
Kiara: Early in the morning.
Kiara: And I have to take our kids to daycare. A lot of the times, I'm late. And it's because my alarms go off so many times and I press news on them. It's just a lot of times I just don't ever want to wake up. It's just a really, really bad habit.
Kiara: So, and then when you add like tries it own or flexible or
Kiara: Makes that makes me tired. It makes it even harder than what it is for me and stuff, but I have been going to bed, a lot earlier.
Kiara: Than what I was going before like I'm actually going to sleep like a normal person, like I go to bed around like 10 o'clock or so, sometimes about 930 and then I usually wake up sometime around like 610 ish to about maybe 640 at the very latest
Kiara: And then I get our kids ready for school and all that kind of stuff. So, but
Kiara: I usually tell my husband. I was like, make sure you call me every like 10 or 15 minutes to make sure I'm actually awake. Because if he's not there to like wake me up.
Kiara: Then I probably will just keep sleeping through my things. Yeah. So it's like, I need you to be there for me, you know, even though you're not there.
Kiara: So he like this morning when he snapped at me. You know, he was like, I'm not going to wake you up anymore. And I'm never gonna call you ever again.
Kiara: To wake you up, do it yourself like the way that he is. It's like, Thank You understand what I'm like he doesn't realize what he's doing, because it's not just this morning because he said that he tried you know shaking my shoulder, a little bit. You know, like he after like
Kiara: Like I could maybe kind of see like, yeah, he could have probably try to gently wake me up. But a lot of the times, like, I'd say probably about 99% of the time he tries to wake me up.
Kiara: He's rude about it like he looks on the light and he says, Get up. Now you know like being hello rude about it, you know. And like I mentioned before, it's like whenever I wake him up. You know, like sometimes on the weekends or whatever. He'll be like, Oh, I'm going to take a 30 minute nap.
Kiara: Wake me up in 30 minutes I usually let them sleep a little bit longer than that. I'll let them sleep like an hour and then when I go to wake them up. You know, I kind of like rubbish shoulder. I like
Kiara: rub his hair, you know, like I'm
Kiara: I'm nice about it, you know.
Kiara: But with him. You just like shakes the shit out of my shoulder or he just yells at me to get up or get the fuck up kind of thing. And it's like, you don't have to be like that like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that doesn't work, that just kind of put you on edge right off the bat.
Kiara: Exactly. Like I said, it just starts off my day a shitty day, but it didn't really last that long. It was just only like basically once I started driving to work. You know, like my grumpiness went away. So
Kiara: Stick all day so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know wouldn't hurt to have a conversation with them and just say, you know, that puts me almost
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Instant anxiety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you wake me up that way. Can you please work on waking me up. No, no, a better
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Softer nicer way to
Kiara: Win that's
Kiara: What I was trying to get to is that I thought was trying to tell him I'm like you know like what I was explaining to him what I did him, I was like, all right, like basically giving him like examples. You know, like I guess like kind of commuting communicating to him that I am
Kiara: Like kind of like what to do and all that kind of stuff. And, you know, like he was very understanding and you seconds okay, I understand you're grumpy and it's hard for you to wake up. So
Kiara: But basically I just said that I was sorry to him and stuff. So a lot of times out really say sorry to him because that's the way that I see. It's like when
Kiara: Sometimes when somebody does something really messed up to me and they try to say sorry to me. Sorry, just doesn't cut it. You know, you can't just say, oh sorry, and everything's fine. You have to, like, show me that you're sorry kind of thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Behaviors.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Behaviors have to change. Yeah. Okay, we've got to wrap this up. I've got another one coming in and about two minutes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so you're going to work on going to different meetings this week continue working on communication with your husband. Yeah, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And work on building a turtle shell.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For attitude at work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, alright, I will see you in group and I will see you next week. Keep doing what you're doing and I will talk to you later.
Kiara: Alright, sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. You have a great evening.
Kiara: All right, thank you. Oh. Oh wait, before you go, though.
Kiara: Are we, are we on for next week at the same time, or like, how often do you want to see me like once every other week or once a week or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me talk to the doctor, but I don't see any reason why we can't boost it out every other week. Okay.
Kiara: That's fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, let me talk to the doctor first get make sure that he's okay with it. I'm sure he will be because you're doing really, really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But just let me talk to him this week and let him know what I think on my side, and we'll go from there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay.
Kiara: All right, so good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. I will talk to you. This next week, a group
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you. Bye. Bye. Oh.